we are in the company of doctor antonello
luzzo doctor we can say today
finally it is ratified that
the title of the palace is moved
siracusa then we will have the again
football de simone next year but for
however the president has broad lines
cutrufo awaits news from palermo nolé
the various documents have been forwarded
today and therefore expect good news if
let's say the figc had to say yes I think
just that a new syracuse will be born
siracusa the name will be good or bad
what we read in the newspapers
considering that we could not use the
wording syracuse because it already exists
so it will probably be the sport club
siracusa thing that always ask fans
the lion's social colors will always be
however present in the symbols of
team this is something that
purely pertaining to the syracuse and
so it will return to negatives
identification for which lions
will definitely return to the field a
part her and the president slinky us
are other entrepreneurs or al
right now it's just you but right now
it's just us and we hope there is
other people
more friends you want queued for
here right now it's just us
we hope to be more then seen
that at the moment we are only a
level of bureaucracy seems to me a bit
premature talk of coaches
players for anyway if not
the category of
belonging and the new company does not
we can still say that precisely
the question therefore of repechage if
everything will be accepted, I will be forwarded
I would like you to understand this thing
that being born is made of sacrifices
of real sacrifices so that everyone is
rubble that I am not at something and there
prepare for something for these
so importantly times therefore
I mean
we must have the patience to wait
the patience to be more confident
of things to do
she was talking about sacrifices and
Just remember you ten years ago
founded the soccer team the fat fat
and now he is making this change between
the palazzolo here the fat enzo a
palazzolo
how much it cost in terms of also
heart because in any case it is a reason for
heart for her as the fat is
cost having to make this sacrifice but
I would say that it cost me a lot
I didn't sleep there a whole night
because fat fat is part of mine
heart
now fat stand 1 disappears by a
something else is yes anyway
will take care of the school kids
football of what he has been doing for twenty years a
this part practically and therefore not
it does not disappear but I say that lenzo
fat and with this operation
let's say it takes a step forward and is reborn
one reborn with something new
so it is certainly a right commitment
always on the hypothesis level, let's say
that everything goes as it should go
the two projects are linked projects
and parallel or are two entities
separate but this is one of those things
to see right now the
president of
sport club syracuse as you all know the
gaetano cutrufo the president of
sport club palazzolo will be graziano
so right now they're tied
tomorrow we 'll see
okay, doctor, I have no business left
nothing but make the best of luck
hope that everything goes well
strength syracuse force siracusa
certainly